Hello I (Destin)
Slow flight of the most difficult things because the flow of air is a bit
From around the control area. Flying in an area where the air speed is nil is the hardest.
Over the past weekend I have a summit with a flying humming bird observation
In my back garden. So let's look at my notes and then we will return, we will take a look
In flying birds. You become smarter every day
What is the relationship between olive oil and laser?
Buzz birds, intuitive! Doctor (Doug and Rick)
At the University of Oregon, and Dr. (Brett Tolbsky) at the University of Montana
They examined the tonnage using a nozzle to spray olive oil
In the air around the hummingbird. Then using a laser
They split the air into slices where olive oil is
For the flow of the field. Essentially, he called for the photocopying of the digital particles by using them
Flasometer. What you need to do is get a picture of an oil drop, and wait
Take a limited amount of time and do it again. This gives you
Two-dimensional images of the flow field around the hummingbird, this is excellent.
What you can do is use this information to calculate exactly
What a humming bird does to stay high. In these pictures you can see here,
Altalamat under the wing. Using this technique
Discovered that about 70% of the humming bird lift comes from the break,
30% comes from the rebound. It's not 50% and 50% like what you think
Another thing I noticed was when the hummingbird approached the feeder
I did not know why, so I asked Dr. (and Rick)
Dr. Werick and his team of biomechanists do not know why a tail jerk does.
They are not sure if he is doing this to change the flow of air around his body
Or by changing the center of gravity under its wings so that it can maneuver as such.
Ma Yumon is creating a six-wheel model of the mermaid so they can
From studying this in greater depth. If you would like to know more about this topic, see the links in the video
A lot of people asked about the type of camera he used,
From Vision Research, place a link in the description for you
So you can go to their website. Otherwise you can squeeze this nutrient
And subscription.
Sign up by clicking
On the link below, I hope you are smarter every day
This.......
Tasty
Translated by Khaled Bakri @amkrro
For translations in other languages ​​and inquiry please check (Destin)